hi welcome to play music online today
it's my great pleasure to introduce to
you the brand new 2012 Fender American
Standard Stratocaster the pickups are
brand new for 2012 these are Custom Shop
fad fifties pickups they featured hand
beveled staggered pole pieces
by my opinion fender have really squared
the circle with a 2012 American Standard
Stratocaster what fender has done is one
by one they've addressed all of the
points where people may have had issues
with either the sound or the playability
of the guitar and the Custom Shop
pickups are like the final icing on the
cake
they certainly add value so that guitar
whether or not they improve the tone
that's really down for you to decide I'm
personally speaking I thought that'd be
our Nico single cross fitted to the
previous model sounded great they
certainly did everything that they
needed to do one might say that the
custom shop fat 50s pickups sound a
little bit more silkier they bring a bit
more finesse to that's home this isn't a
custom shop Stratocaster it isn't
pretending to be a custom shop
Stratocaster when you buy into the
custom shop you're obviously looking at
higher quality timbers two-piece bodies
you know flame maple necks all that kind
of thing
this is still very much an affordable
working man's guitar but it's just been
refined and it's been refined to a very
very high extent to the point where once
you've got one of these you won't really
feel your feel that you need to upgrade
to a better guitar